README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: Improve the overall documentation (#16)
* Add initial doc comments

* Other doc comments

* More comments

* Moar comments :fire:

* Docs again :fire:

* Document the env variables

* Update README.md

* Create LICENSE

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Edit `checkout-token` into `checkout-id`

* Add color aliases

* Add agnostic logo

* Remove shipping estimate icon

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update steps

README.md, after:


[Saleor](https://saleor.io/) storefront built using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) 13 and the new **App Router**.

> [!NOTE]
> This repository is currently **👷‍♀️ WIP 👷** and it's **NOT** a production ready storefront. Feel free to open an issue if you see bugs or sections that could be improved!

## Features

- 🕺 Fully functional Saleor storefront using the new Next 13 app router
- 💅 Styled using [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- 🛒 Multi steps checkout with Stripe (using the [Saleor Stripe App](https://docs.saleor.io/docs/3.x/developer/app-store/apps/stripe))
- 📚 Out of the box i18n with [next-intl](https://next-intl-docs.vercel.app/)
- 💁‍♀️ User profile page handling the latest orders, all the personal addresses and the security informations
- 🏛️ Fully developed using Apollo with the new [`useFragment`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/api/react/hooks/#usefragment) hook in order to react to data changes

## Getting Started

**Requirements:**
- An instance of the _Saleor_ backend up and running (the easiest way is probably to use [Saleor Cloud](https://cloud.saleor.io/) and its free tier)
- The [Saleor Stripe App](https://docs.saleor.io/docs/3.x/developer/app-store/apps/stripe) installed in the dashboard

**Follow these steps in order to execute the project correctly:**

1. Rename the `.env.local.example` into `.env.local` and fill the `NEXT_PUBLIC_GRAPHQL_URL` environment variable with the correct URL to your GraphQL API
2. Start the project in development mode using `pnpm dev`
3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser
4. 🎉

## Configuration

You can configure your storefront using the environment variables in [`src/misc/config.ts`](https://github.com/dgopsq/saleor-nextjs-base/blob/main/src/misc/config.ts). The only required configuration is `NEXT_PUBLIC_GRAPHQL_URL`, everything else is optional and has been documented directly in the file.
